For your final project, you are to build a Zelda-style dungeon using Unity's 3D Game Kit. This project is divided into 3 "Milestones": Sketches, Whitebox, and Final version. Each of these will have their own due dates and grades:

Milestone 1: Sketches - Due March 28th @ 1:30 PM

Milestone 2: Whitebox Build and Video - Due April 18 @ 1:30 PM

Milestone 3: Final Build and Video - Due May 2nd @ 1:30 PM

Your dungeon needs to meet the following requirements:

Each room should contain a puzzle or combat encounter (or something else that makes it interesting)
The player should start without their weapon, and be required to collect their weapon to complete the dungeon. This weapon is the "Key Item" for the dungeon (represented in the graphs with a Bow and Arrow). After getting the weapon, the player can hit enemies and break boxes.
Just to make sure it's clear: your Whitebox should have gameplay elements including keys, buttons, moving platforms, enemies, etc. A whitebox is not the absence of gameplay, it's a focus on the gameplay over the visuals. Final art will be added later.
After the Whitebox is complete, you'll need to add the final meshes and decorate your level to make it look polished and professional.

Consider how we used Kishotenketsu in the previous assignment, and how Wind Waker uses "puzzle motifs" (think about how those puzzle motifs could be seen as an evolution of Kishotenketsu).

Some examples for different puzzles might be:

Jumping puzzles (the game includes acid pits, moving platforms, etc.)
Pressure buttons and switches to open doors
Using moving platforms to "drop" items
Breakable walls using the crates

Get creative with it!

What I'm grading on:

Does the dungeon follow a structure similar to a Zelda dungeon (backtracking, branching paths, etc.)
Progression of difficulty - does the level get harder as it goes on?
Does the level include puzzles and/or combat encounters that keep things interesting?
Is the player able to get out of bounds, or otherwise cheat?
Are there any technical issues (switches not working, enemies that do nothing, stuck spots, etc.)
Is the level polished visually? Does it include the finalized assets?

Do NOT start by just randomly placing environmental pieces; this project will be done in different stages with their own due dates. Sketches must be done first. Do not start on your Whitebox before I've approved your sketches.